migrate gapfilling api refs to new template (#2104)
timescale/docs: api/_hyperfunctions/time_bucket_gapfill/time_bucket_gapfill.md

  signatures:
    - language: sql
      code: |
        time_bucket_gapfill(
          bucket_width INTERVAL | INTEGER,
          time TIMESTAMPTZ | INTEGER,
          [, start TIMESTAMPTZ | INTEGER]
          [, finish TIMESTAMPTZ | INTEGER]
          [, timezone TEXT]
        ) RETURNS TIMESTAMPTZ
  parameters:
    required:
      - name: bucket_width
        type: INTERVAL | INTEGER
        description: >
          A PostgreSQL time interval to specify the length of each bucket.
          For example, use `1 day` to get daily buckets.
          Use `INTEGER` only if your time column is integer-based.
      - name: time
        type: TIMESTAMPTZ | INTEGER
        description: The timestamp on which to base the bucket
    optional:
      - name: start
        type: TIMESTAMPTZ | INTEGER
        description: >
          The start of the period to gapfill.
          Values before `start` are passed through, but no gapfilling is performed.
          Use `INTEGER` only if your time column is integer-based.
          In TimescaleDB 1.3, we recommend using a `WHERE` clause rather than specifying `start`.

>           The `WHERE` is more performant, because the query planner can filter out chunks by constraint exclusion.

Reviewer: Ooh, that's very old. Can we remove this now?

>           In TimescaleDB 1.3, we recommend using a `WHERE` clause rather than specifying `start`.
>           The `WHERE` is more performant, because the query planner can filter out chunks by constraint exclusion.

Author: ```suggestion
          We recommend using a `WHERE` clause rather than specifying `start`, which is a legacy option.
          The `WHERE` is more performant, because the query planner can filter out chunks by constraint exclusion.
```

      - name: finish
        type: TIMESTAMPTZ | INTEGER
        description: >
          The end of the period to gapfill.
          Values after `finish` are passed through, but no gapfilling is performed.
          Use `INTEGER` only if your time column is integer-based.

>           In TimescaleDB 1.3, we recommend using a `WHERE` clause rather than specifying `finish`.

Author: ```suggestion
          We recommend using a `WHERE` clause rather than specifying `start`, which is a legacy option.
```

>           The `WHERE` is more performant, because the query planner can filter out chunks by constraint exclusion.

Reviewer: ibid.
